---- Map ----
Create graphics for more locations and characters.

---- Cards ----
Create graphics for cards. 
Create more cards

---- Battle ----

Insert graphics\animation display between turns. Should design animation engine
Create in-battle sprites for players
Provide move logic for changing places on the battlefield.
Create logic for limit deck.
Create logic for power-up, fighting stance.
Command Input

---- Story ----
Create more dialogue
create graphics

---- General ----
Create more triggers for different things to happen (special cards, stories, etc)
Create sounds
create some music.

--- Credits ---
Original DBZLSW Staff

SquidGod - for Playdate tutorials
Lexou - for sprite dumps on Spriter's Resource
Mochi - For their work on WISH and documentation
Playdate Developer Community - For help and support

cards:

Kikoho
4 Witches technique
Multiform
Shin Kikoho
Rising Knee Finisher- move that broke Yamcha's leg. Lowers speed.
Kiai - a risky move that completly blocks a ki attack if used in defense, but causes twice the damage if it fails.
Drill Attack - Chiaotzu's attack against Krillin
Telekinesis - physical ranged. Devise limits so it isn't OP.
Paralysis - lower speed or immobile
Suicide - Used by several characters. Perhaps Tien's is the Spirit Tri-Beam, Roshi's is Evil Containment, etc
Sokidan - Spirit Ball - guided ball of pure energy
Rogafufuken - Wolf Fang Fist
Tokudai Sokidan  - Super spirit ball
Shin Rogafufuken
Giant Rock Throw
Iaigiri - kinda like quick attack Roshi
Max Power Kamehameha - Only max power Roshi
Bankoku Bikkuri Sho - Trapping move. Used against Goku in the 21st Tournament
Jan Ken- Roshi, Goku, Grandpa Gohan, Oolong
Suiken - drunken fist
Stay Away From Me! - Chi Chi's blade attack. Kid only
Okkaneyo - Chi Chi's green beam. kid only
Fury Jabs - As seen in her training with Goten
Kame Senryū Fūrinkazan - Used by Grandpa Gohan
Slam - Grandpa Gohan used against Goku
Pilaf Robot moves
Mai and Shu moves
Bazooka


Transform - Oolong, Puar

Chou Makouhou - mouth beam. Enhanced barrage of the Cho Makoho

8-Arm Technique - Kid Goku

Tsuranuke! -- Goku's attack that killed King Piccolo

Hasshu-ken - 8 arm technique. King Chappa, Kid Goku

Meditation - support card

Shura Gekiretsuken - Nam's foresight attack. Dodges then counterattacks.

Tenkū Pekeji Ken - Nam's strongest attack

------------------How does a character who cannot fly attack someone who can? If they have a high enough speed, they can land 3 stage attacks before falling back down to the ground. The disadvantage is a good challenge

Finger Beam








Hyakushu-ken 100 arms technique used by Tambourine
Cho Marengeki

Bakurikimaha - Explosive Demon Wave

Pokopen - Spits an egg. Kills the user? Places an ally in the team with 1\4th the stats of the original user. Cannot be used twice. 